What follows in our project is to go back to Python.
Start working on the Python files and then configure the URL of our site to be able to see it in the
browser.
Let's open our file through open and note that this time we're going to stop working with the usual
folder tree where we store everything in the folders.
Day one.
Day two, etc..
Today we're going to come to this different environment that we've created inside my environment, my
web source and his project.
That's what I'm going to open now.
And here I already have Project Open and I can see its components browsing here.
Here you can see that I have some files like init dot p asg p settings u, r, l, p and w sgi p.
All of these come inside project along with this manage dot py.
Which is the one we've been using to manage our projects so far.
Well, next, we're going to create an app app.
So usually small components for a website.
In our case, we're going to create this to do list.
So we're going to create the app file.
And that's where we're going to put the core of our code, its structure, the main settings, its main
logic, and so on.
So for that, we're going to open a terminal just as we've worked with the command prompt separately
so far.
This time we're going to use it inside Python.
We're going to go to view then tool windows and here we go down to terminal and here we open a terminal
very similar to the one we've used so far.
From here we're going to call Python Manage P as we did before, and now we're going to execute the
Command Start app and we're going to name it base.
And as you can see, a new folder called Base appeared here which has other files, admin, apps, models,
test and views.
All these are going to be the components of our application.
Now we're going to run our server one more time so we can see in our browser browser how the web we
have so far looks like Python managed P run server and the link appears again, which we're going to
copy, where we're going to take to the browser and we're going to paste it here.
And once again to see the Django base page, this means that we still don't have anything inside our
website.
So now if we go back to Python, we see that we have the project on one side here below with all its
components and above the application on the other.
But they don't know each other.
They don't know that the other exists.
So let's connect them.
We're going to go to settings in the project where we go to open this file and here where it says Install
apps.
We're going to go down one place and we're going to create base apps.
Remember, that base is the name that we just gave to our application.
Now, I want this to point to to where let me show you something in the base folder and in the apps
file.
So let's open it up.
I wanted to point here to this class, which is called base config.
So I'm going to copy this name.
I go back to settings and here in base dot apps I write right dot base config and then I close the quotation
mark and the comma.
So with this we have let Django know that my app exists and that these two components base and project
know about each other.
Now I want to connect the URLs of this of my sites in project.
I have a file that is URLs, but I don't have such a file in base.
So I'm going to click on base, right click on new file and I'm going to make it URLs.
PY And now there is another URLs file in base.
I have two, one in the application and one in the project.
And this is now going to allow me to configure the pattern of my URL, but I'm going to do that in a
jiffy.
Now what I want to do is to import my views, these views that we have in base, because as you can
see, we don't have any views at the moment.
So if I click here, it says, Create your views here.
I haven't created any yet, but I'm already going to import them to have them automatically.
So in this URL's file that we just created, we're going to import from Django URLs.
Import path.
What is path?
Let's see if we come to URLs from Django.
That is from our project.
We have this path here which is a path made up of admin and then admin site URLs.
Well, let's try to complete this.
Let's go back here and let's import something else before we continue, which is from dot import views
and we're importing them from the URLs file which corresponds to base.
Notice that if we open two files with the same name, Python will tell us that one is inside the base
folder and the other is inside the project folder.
Well, here in this URLs of base out of our application, we're going to create a list called URL patterns
and this is going to contain all the URL patterns.
Let's make it a list which is going to be empty for now.
And let's go back to views.
And here let's import something else which we're going to need now, which is from Django dot http,
import HTTP response.
Again, this may not be making a lot of sense to you right now, but as we put it together, it will
make sense at the end of this lesson.
Once you've understood where we're going, look at it again and it will all make sense to you.
So now we're going to create our first view.
We're going to remove this clarification and we're going to create it with a function called pending
list.
We're going to pass this function, an argument which can be called request, and it's going to return
something here.
It's going to return an HTTP response.
And in brackets, we're going to put anything here just for demonstration purposes.
For example, text for pending list.
So now I go back to our URLs and in the list we have left empty.
I create our first path, which is going to be with path.
That's why we imported it.
And in brackets we put an empty string so that it goes to the base path.
Then we call views.
That is this file we have above and inside views.
We're going to call this function pending list that we just created.
We're going to give it a name to this element which can be pending.
And then now I point out again that we have two URL files, the one that's inside base and the one that's
inside project.
And now we want our project to know that the URLs of our application that were just generated.
So inside project URLs, which is the one we have just here, we're going to import one more element
putting comma here so that Django URLs, we import something else which is the function include and
now we have the possibility of including other URLs in addition to those that come inside project.
And then in this URL patterns that already came by default in this file, we're going to add one more
element, another path.
But this time it is going to be an empty string that is going to connect through the include function
with base dot URLs.
So this should be enough.
So the include method which was imported and added here.
Basically says okay, let's include another file URLs p y.
In addition to this one we're in, we're going to include this other one, which is the one in the base
that we just set up so that when the user asks for any path that's in there, which in this case is
an empty string, it sends those path to this other file u urls dot p y for this file to handle.
So now that I've set all this up, if I go back to our site and refresh it, notice that we get back
is the letter text for pending list that we wrote before.
So now maybe you can understand this a little better because we've managed to schedule the content of
a page on our site when we set this phrase to be what returns the HTTPS response within the pending
list function.
So how did we get there?
Well, we ask the browser to open the base path.
The code went to look for it in the URLs of our application.
This file here and then this URLs file says okay, browser.
If you want to open this URL, I'm going to send you something to view.
I'm going to send you the view we have prepared for that URL and which view is the one you are going
to send, the one you have in the views in the pending list function?
All right, let's see what's in there.
Let's go to views.
And here's the pending views function.
All right, let's see what's in there.
Whatever this function returns, that's what we need to send to the browser.
And what does this function?
Return a HTTP response that contains a string that says text for pending list.
And that's what we saw on our site when we loaded the base URL.
So I know this approach can be a bit confusing, so congratulations on getting this far.
Now I ask you to watch the lesson again, because now that you've been able to visualize the circuit
that made our entire order, you're only now going to get the full understanding of what we've just
written.
So I suggest that you do not go ahead without reviewing this lesson, because even though you have understood
everything now, it is very important you go back to see everything we've just done, but knowing where
we're going so that you can assimilate much better.
So I'll be waiting for you in the next lesson.